Cleanup/readme documentation updates (#70)
vllm-project/speculators: README.md

<div align="center">

# Speculators

[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/neuralmagic/speculators.svg)](https://github.com/neuralmagic/speculators/blob/main/LICENSE) [![Python Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3.9--3.13-orange)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/speculators)

</div>

## Overview

> **Speculators** is a unified library for creating, representing, and storing speculative decoding algorithms for large language model (LLM) serving, such as in vLLM. Speculative decoding is a lossless method that significantly improves the inference latency of LLM deployments. It achieves this by using a smaller, faster "draft" model to predict the tokens the larger, more powerful "base" model will generate, thereby accelerating the overall decoding process without sacrificing output quality. Speculators provides a standard format and tools to facilitate the productization of these decoding algorithms for inference servers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Speculators** is a unified library for building, evaluating, and storing speculative decoding algorithms for large language model (LLM) inference, including in frameworks like vLLM. Speculative decoding is a lossless technique that speeds up LLM inference by using a smaller, faster speculator model to propose tokens, which are then verified by the larger base model, reducing latency without compromising output quality. Speculators standardizes this process with reusable formats and tools, enabling easier integration and deployment of speculative decoding in production-grade inference servers.
```

### Key Features

> - **Speculative Decoding**: Speculators is a unified library that simplifies the creation and representation of speculative decoding algorithms, aiding both research and productization efforts for LLMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unified Speculative Decoding Toolkit:** Simplifies the development, evaluation, and representation of speculative decoding algorithms, supporting both research and production use cases for LLMs.
```

> - **Standardized Format**: We offer a universal, Hugging Face-compatible format designed to support speculative decoding algorithms. This also includes tools for converting algorithms from other research repositories into our standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Standardized, Extensible Format:** Provides a Hugging Face-compatible format for defining speculative models, with tools to convert from external research repositories for easy adoption.
```

> - **vLLM Integration**: Speculators is designed for seamless and robust integration with inference servers, with **vLLM** being the primary and desired pathway for deploying speculative decoding models into production.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Seamless vLLM Integration:** Built for direct deployment into vLLM, enabling low-latency, production-grade inference with minimal overhead.
```

- OS: Linux or MacOS
- Python: 3.9 or higher

Install Speculators directly from source using pip::

```bash
pip install git+https://github.com/neuralmagic/speculators.git
```

## Resources

Here you can find links to our research implementations. These provide prototype code for immediate enablement and experimentation, with plans for productization into the main package soon.

> - [eagle3](https://github.com/neuralmagic/speculators/tree/main/research/eagle3): This implementation trains models similar to the Eagle 3 architecture, specifically utilizing the Train Time Test method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [eagle3](https://github.com/neuralmagic/speculators/tree/main/research/eagle3): This implementation trains models similar to the EAGLE 3 architecture, specifically utilizing the Train Time Test method.
```

> - [hass](https://github.com/neuralmagic/speculators/tree/main/research/hass): This implementation trains models that are a variation on the Eagle 1 architecture using the [HASS](https://github.com/HArmonizedSS/HASS) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [hass](https://github.com/neuralmagic/speculators/tree/main/research/hass): This implementation trains models that are a variation on the EAGLE 1 architecture using the [HASS](https://github.com/HArmonizedSS/HASS) method.
```
